{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh15100\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 PHP Group Meeting\
Jan 26th, 2016\
\
- Login page is like a landing page for the app that features a login, sign up and an intro/details about the app. There would also be an option to be a guest to try it out once. \
\
- Main nav items\
	- profile (main page)\
		- displays your routine that you have set up for that day\
		- you can directly store your results from a routine you have planned for i.e friday.\
		- if you don\'92t want to plan a routine you can use the quick buttons for cardio or strength \
	\
	- gyms\
		- api for location\
		- a like system that remembers the gyms that you want to keep/try out\
		- rating system (five stars)\
		- allows to pick a home gym to know the hours of the gym\'92s\
	\
	- create routine\
		- works with the calendar (adds to your calendar)\
		- works with the nutrition \
		- create your own exercise \
		- create your own routine\
		- spilt up between cardio and strength (both their own feature)\
	\
	- calendar\
		- will show the routine that you have assigned to a day\
		- if you don\'92t have a workout planned but use one of the quick buttons on the profile it will auto place it into the calendar\
		- show times with trainers\
		- will show the hours of the gym\
		- when you go to add a workout to the calendar if it doesn\'92t align with the time of the gym hours an alert will pop up\
	\
	- products\
		- search bar\
		- online e-commerce \
\
	- Nutrition\
		- pick a grocery list based off of goals. i.e low crab, etc. \
		- when a user adds an ingredient they enter the name of the ingredient, the calorie count\
		- daily food tracker that a user enters what they ate for breakfast, lunch, dinner and snacks. 		The user adds in the calories \
		- ties into the calendar daily \
		- set how many calories are day and where it comes from. Ie. from crabs, fats, sugars etc. \
\
	- progress/goals\
		- when you modify a workout result it will show up as progress i.e weight added\
		- creates a report\
		- weight goals and daily/weekly weight tracker\
		- add goals to calendar i.e. lift 150lbs by May\
		- calories tracker\
		- \
\
	- friends (sub page to the profile)\
		- add and remove other users to your network\
		- view friend\'92s progress and work outs\
		- \'97\'97\'97\'97\'97 maybe be able to like and comment on things\
		- be able to invite a friend to a planned workout \'96 shows up as an invite to add to delete the event in the other user\'92s calendar\
\
\
}